what is great and gentle peach nation
amiibo hunt hurts
super-pumped of course it's Monday I'm
still breathing and you know you gotta
celebrate life so that's why I'm always
pumped all the time um alrighty - not so
pumped news Walmart doesn't really give
a crap about us just like who was it
Target or was it source or us I think
remember everybody's been screwing on
some evil hunters for so long that I
just feel like nobody gives a crap
um they post it especially the East
Coast it's like is coast here you go
here you go
what you're sleeping is 3:00 a.m. no
problem let me put some amazing stuff
you're looking for for pre-order now so
you don't get it excelente
so yeah that's what Walmart did of
course they posted the entire way for
front of me second for pre-order and
boom 3:00 a.m. what was I doing
catching some Z's that should have been
on my computer I forget that a mule
hunter sleeping is not a requirement and
actually should not be happening because
if you sleep you're definitely gonna
miss buying something or pre-ordering
something you know so yeah it's my fault
that I decided to close my eyes and
relax
hey have a few Z's like I said before so
yeah Congrats to those who got them I
know this platoon kids were up for
Fuhrer for a while if you got em you got
em I'm actually gonna risk it and see if
I can find them in stores because I
don't think they're gonna be as popular
as the smash brothers line we'll see if
that comes to bite me in the ass but
yeah so I haven't peeled or anything yet
I got zero pre-orders got a big doughnut
and that's what's crack-a-lackin'
on another note of big retailers pooping
on us some toaster roses are releasing
the pre-order course for greninja before
the 27th mind you I know if you remember
but they actually say formally said that
the 27th was when they were gonna
release those fuel reports
so it's awesome to me it is fantastic
that toaster Russ's are just not giving
a crap so phenomenal I went to I astral
Toys R Us
I asked them they actually had a piece
of paper which I took a picture
hopefully I have it in my cellphone and
you're looking at it right now
the hilarious part about that picture is
that giggly focus on there
yeah but either way the point is that it
says on the 27th this when they're gonna
have them extremely limited quantities
extreme you understand so to me it's
about three so you know it's 844
mass-produced action figure or four
mass-produced whatever you want to call
this things extremely limited should be
should be again mass-produced maybe a
thousand units you know in a district
but now it's probably more like twenty
in entire district so it's amiibo as
Nintendo unfortunately we're used to
that happening we're not used to the
fact that we hit me we're getting
screwed
but yeah so make sure you check with
your Toys R Us call go there with a
picture of bringing Jack and be like
hello this is what I'm talking about
not not Mario yes I know he's there
cuz that you're probably gonna get
somebody has no clue what they're and
that's not their fault but they'll be
like I mean oh they got him
here's link oh no dude I'm talking about
this guy who's about to come out May
29th alright take this you you if you
had this view when it was up on the
website I know it's not on the website
anymore just make sure you take as much
information as you can and be at yo even
the picture that I just posted I think
I'll put I put a link to it to that
banner in case your store doesn't have
their code uh listen this is what's
happening out of the locations and you
tweet it out this and you actually set
up that statement so I hope that your
store goes by what the corporation is
tonight because it's gonna be a pain in
the SDK grinning at me people are gonna
be lining up I'm gonna be one of them
hopefully I get it to pre-order not even
to bite so yes but in better awesome use
though take it with a grain of salt
hopefully I put the grande salt warning
there's this hacker dude who apparently
is very legit has been hacking games for
a while Pokemon games and all this stuff
so when I was in the Indus mash reddit
people were like you know this guy's
legit so this should be at least 99%
possible it's the fact that he uncovered
on the latest update of the four smash
to different or a few different songs
label Roy and the other one was labeled
Ryu so Rho E is a victory theme and it's
clearly Fire Emblem so it looks like
we're gonna get Roy from Fire Emblem
which is awesome for some people that I
fireman all the people are like oh my
god another fire Liu Kang - here we go
Cena relevant mother's brother you
really play but it doesn't matter I
really like Marcus I used to use them in
melee you know it's a I have a little
spot for Roy hopefully we get an amiibo
that's the most important thing now Ryu
is the street fighter dude yes okay
token I'm excited I'm excited cuz if
that's true and that actually happens oh
yeah
not only do we have a Street Fighter
character in Smash Brothers which is
gonna be awesome because you know he's
gonna work perfectly in that game
Street Fighter I'm evil anyone hello
impossible possible not just you know
this is pulling out of my ass a street
fighter Wii U game where the amigos
actually work with the game a whole beat
do you better shut up you better shut up
cuz you may get your up mm-hmm but
yeah that would be awesome so I'm
excited for the prospect of plane Ryu in
the game
having a me Bo from Street Fighter and
then having a potential you know again
out of the ass game that actually it's
like a Wii U exclusive and the amiibo
actually work there and so yeah but it's
awesome so again the link to the reddit
article or the reddit post is there so
you can see the billions of people
commenting on it the actual post and all
that stuff so you can you know judge for
yourself but I'm excited this actually
happens it's gonna be awesome
either way that is it I will be making
oh I appreciate you guys watching the
skits and actually enjoying them that's
awesome buddy I you know I wasn't sure
if you guys gonna gonna go or find me
funny so it's pretty cool I'm working on
another amiibo related skit of course
cuz it's all about amiibo up in here and
hopefully have that soon maybe this week
but I yeah I am out thank you guys for
watching I don't have any pockets I was
trying to go that was stupid too bad you
guys didn't get to see that I know you
saw the motion but yeah and I love you
guys so peace out and again please I'm
on Instagram snapchat Twitter everywhere
you guys keep asking I'm there I'm there
everywhere I think I should put that at
the beginning of the video I think I'm
gonna start doing that anyways yo you
like Nintendo
I'm evil hunting games that's right
subscribe to my channel or super banana
C&P - it's gonna come and kick your ass
oh my is gonna pop it up